(fix): Stop exporting `useAuthenticatedBlitzContext` from `@blitzjs/auth` (#4157)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/moody-crews-travel.md

---
"@blitzjs/auth": minor
---

> Stop exporting `useAuthenticatedBlitzContext` from `@blitzjs/auth` this should be imported from `app/blitz-server.ts` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stop exporting `useAuthenticatedBlitzContext` from `@blitzjs/auth` this must be imported from `app/blitz-server.ts` file in order to work correctly
```
